This can't be some trick done by Wang Rongchang again
He has already tricked me badly
Even the delivery staff is so temperamental
This mysterious gift giver must be a boss level
Hey, that's not necessarily true
Maybe it's his former fan
Xu Shiyang, you are still shameless
Those debt collectors blocked you in the stage before and dare not go out
Now someone is chasing you in the stage
You are your home when you are a TV station
So unscrupulous
Say who gave the necklace
Don't think I don't know
You want to seduce Mr. Wang secretly
I won't let you succeed
I know this necklace
This is a limited edition of the Paris catwalk last week
I'm afraid the top necklace doesn't cost tens of millions
It can't be that you, a poor ghost, coaxed Mr. Wang to spend a lot of money to buy it for you
Even if you coax him again
He won't like you
I have returned the flowers sent by Mr. Wang last week
You can't win your boyfriend's heart by yourself
You will be less of my splashy
Zhou Yanjing, you bad man
Don't think I will accept it if you send it to the TV station
Xu live streaming host
You stinky shameless look, how dare you seduce my husband